- Fill image/disk with random data. (Indistinguishable from encrypted data)
- Allocate as-needed, keep providing more room to any one section until the disk
    has reached its partition.
- Hide actual size even when decrypted: Total size 1GB: Part size 400MB. When
    decrypted, show size of 1GB, with 600MB free space (if 400MB is in use)
- Rubberhose section is called an ``aspect''
- Each aspect has its own pass phrase and must be decrypted separately.
- The entire rubberhose drive is an ``extent''.
- Rubberhose relies on internal maps to locate where the actual bits of your
    data are stored amid random characters.
-   Works strictly on need to know. If you do not mount all partitions, then you
    may overwrite data of other ``hidden'' partitions. To actually (safely) write
    data, you need to mount all the partitions.

Security features:
    -   Time-based passwords (they expire after say 1 hour)
    -   Anti-passphrase-cracking features (internal master password per aspect,
    master password encrypted with your password)
        Internal master aspect key unlocks everything in the aspect, including
        the maps of where the bits of data are located across the drive and the
        ability to actually decrypt that data.
    -   Thwarthing Disk Surface Analysis.
        Use strong pseudo-number generators; store seed encrypted, decrypted by
        the internal aspect master password. (Read section 4.3 for more info)

        Each aspect is in fact a ``view'' or ``map'' of a (large) amount of
        blocks spread out over the entire disk in a random fashion.

        Rubberhose often conducts block-swapping to thwart disk surface
        analysis. (To protect against magnetic property analysis in combination
        with statistical analysis).
    -   Cryptanalytic attacks (Known plaintext attacks, etc)

        Rubberhose also contains ``whitening code'', another security
        feature designed to thwart cryptanalysis attacks, particularly
        ``Known Plaintext attacks''. The whitener is made out of random
        bits. Whitener also perturbs the encryption process in a
        non-predictable manner.
